[UNR-1015] Error if blueprint RPCs have by ref arguments (#681)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: SpatialGDK/Documentation/known-issues.md

| Seamless Travel is not supported | 2019-01-22 | [UNR-897](https://improbableio.atlassian.net/browse/UNR-897) | Disable Seamless travel |  
| Gameplay Ability System is not fully supported | 2019-02-01 | | Use the workarounds detailed on the [Gameplay Ability System]({{urlRoot}}/content/ability-system) reference page. |  
| Opening the Editor while you are uploading or launching a cloud deployment disables the GDK Toolbar **Start** button, and Selecting **Stop** on the GDK Toolbar stops the running cloud deployment. | 2019-02-18 | [UNR-1006](https://improbableio.atlassian.net/browse/UNR-1006) | Wait for the cloud launch to finish, or launch the cloud deployment whilst the Editor is already open. |

> | Blueprint RPCs with "by reference" arguments are not serialized correctly | 2019-02-18 | [UNR-1011](https://improbableio.atlassian.net/browse/UNR-1011) | Change any "by reference" arguments to "by value" (default). |

Reviewer: >not serialized correctly 
When and by what/who?

Author: When sending an RPC through Spatial. By server or client depending on the type of RPC.
I'm not sure this adds information so I didn't include it.

Reviewer: Ace, thanks. In that case: 

```suggestion
| Blueprint RPCs with "by reference" arguments are not serialised correctly when they are sent through SpatialOS. | 2019-02-18 | [UNR-1011](https://improbableio.atlassian.net/browse/UNR-1011) | Change any "by reference" arguments to "by value" (default). |
```

Reviewer: (serialised with an S because the style guide specifies British English)
Otherwise LGTM. Thanks!
